Team 6 Project Proposal
Team number: 016-6

Team name: Fix Your Mix

Team members (names, github, email): 
Bobby Lashway,    rola4910,                               rola4910@colorado.edu
Andy Nguyen,       AndyNguyenCUBOULDER,  anng5321@colorado.edu
Parker secrest,      pjsecrest,                              pase7864@colorado.edu
Evan Pradhan,      EvanPradhan15,                   evpr5791@colorado.edu
Mary Ella Rinzler,  maryellar,                              Mari4461@colorado.edu

Application name: Fix Your Mix

Application Description:
Fix Your Mix is an application for Spotify users who want more functionality when creating and editing their playlists. Fix Your Mix offers a variety of functions, including editing, sorting, and making playlists. These Playlists can then be exported back to Spotify or shared with a friend. Fix Your Mix might also include a fun visualizer for when people preview songs. 
The final function is that users can choose to see what artists, within any of their playlists, have concerts near them. Users can sort their playlist by decade, release date, alphabetically by artist, and by date songs were added to a playlist. When editing playlists, users can mass delete songs from playlists and add songs to playlists by selecting songs using filters like artist, date released, and date added to a playlist. 
For example, if a user tried to clean up their liked songs and wanted to delete all songs added during a specific period, they could delete songs added to the playlist from 2014 to 2016. 

Vision Statement
For Spotify users who want to enhance their playlists. Fix Your Mix is a playlist organizer that helps listeners envision, reimagine, and curate your playlists to your needs. Unlike “organize your music”, our product is intuitive and visually worth using.
 
Version Control
https://github.com/rola4910/csci3308_team6/tree/main 

Development Methodology
We will use agile methodologies for this project

Communication plan
To communicate with the team, we plan on using Discord to discuss progress and work that needs to be done. This will allow us to connect without having to physically talk to each other.




Meeting plan
Team meeting:
We plan on using the weekly lab sessions as meetings. These occur in-person on Fridays at 11:15am
Weekly meeting with TA:
Tuesdays at 11:30am via Zoom


Use case diagram














Wireframe

























